README.md, before:

# portfolio

## TODOs

- Home page
  - https://portfolio-starter-template.webflow.io/
  - wesbos.com
  - juliacodes.com
  - Find tutorials on how to animate
    - https://www.cassie.codes/
  - Hero Patterns?
    - https://craig-roush-portfolio-template.webflow.io/
    - Wes bos css grid
- Dark mode with animation of the sun setting and the moon rising
- Project pages
  - Update resume links to each project folder
  - resume: have multiple resumes, for each type of role
- Pages
- reread refactor UI
- https://storage.googleapis.com/joshwcomeau/building-an-effective-dev-portfolio.pdf

This is the existing [blog-starter](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter) plus TypeScript.

This example showcases Next.js's [Static Generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages) feature using Markdown files as the data source.

The blog posts are stored in `/_posts` as Markdown files with front matter support. Adding a new Markdown file in there will create a new blog post.

To create the blog posts we use [`remark`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) and [`remark-html`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-html) to convert the Markdown files into an HTML string, and then send it down as a prop to the page. The metadata of every post is handled by [`gray-matter`](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/gray-matter) and also sent in props to the page.

## How to use

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/git?c=1&s=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter-typescript)

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example blog-starter-typescript blog-starter-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example blog-starter-typescript blog-starter-typescript-app
```

Your blog should be up and running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)! If it doesn't work, post on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions).

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/import?filter=next.js&utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

# Notes

This blog-starter-typescript uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com). To control the generated stylesheet's filesize, this example uses Tailwind CSS' v1.4 [`purge` option](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/controlling-file-size/#removing-unused-css) to remove unused CSS.

Commit message:

Stick to using Google fonts instead of self hosting

README.md, after:

# portfolio

## TODOs

- Home page
  - https://portfolio-starter-template.webflow.io/
  - wesbos.com
  - juliacodes.com
  - Find tutorials on how to animate
    - https://www.cassie.codes/
  - Hero Patterns?
    - https://craig-roush-portfolio-template.webflow.io/
    - Wes bos css grid
- Dark mode with animation of the sun setting and the moon rising
- Project pages
  - Update resume links to each project folder
  - resume: have multiple resumes, for each type of role
- Pages
- reread refactor UI
- https://storage.googleapis.com/joshwcomeau/building-an-effective-dev-portfolio.pdf
- Figure out how to use the font from the website if /fonts/MajorMonoDisplay-Regular.ttf

This is the existing [blog-starter](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter) plus TypeScript.

This example showcases Next.js's [Static Generation](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages) feature using Markdown files as the data source.

The blog posts are stored in `/_posts` as Markdown files with front matter support. Adding a new Markdown file in there will create a new blog post.

To create the blog posts we use [`remark`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) and [`remark-html`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-html) to convert the Markdown files into an HTML string, and then send it down as a prop to the page. The metadata of every post is handled by [`gray-matter`](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/gray-matter) and also sent in props to the page.

## How to use

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/import/git?c=1&s=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter-typescript)

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example blog-starter-typescript blog-starter-typescript-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example blog-starter-typescript blog-starter-typescript-app
```

Your blog should be up and running on [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)! If it doesn't work, post on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions).

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/import?filter=next.js&utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

# Notes

This blog-starter-typescript uses [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com). To control the generated stylesheet's filesize, this example uses Tailwind CSS' v1.4 [`purge` option](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/controlling-file-size/#removing-unused-css) to remove unused CSS.
